Inferred Ancestral Sequences
Ancestral states were inferred using the Maximum Likelihood method [1] and JTT model [2]. The tree shows a set of possible amino acids (states) at each ancestral node based on their inferred likelihood at site 1. For each node only the most probable state is shown. The initial tree for the heuristic search was selected by choosing the tree with the superior log-likelihood between a Neighbor-Joining (NJ) tree [3] and a Maximum Parsimony (MP) tree. The NJ tree was generated using a matrix of pairwise distances computed using the p-distance [1]. The MP tree had the shortest length among 10 MP tree searches, each performed with a randomly generated starting tree. The analytical procedure encompassed 40 amino acid sequences with 219 positions in the final dataset. Evolutionary analyses were conducted in MEGA12 [4] utilizing up to 4 parallel computing threads.

1. Nei M. and Kumar S. (2000). Molecular Evolution and Phylogenetics. Oxford University Press, New York.
2. Jones D.T., Taylor W.R., and Thornton J.M. (1992). The rapid generation of mutation data matrices from protein sequences. Computer Applications in the Biosciences 8: 275-282.
3. Saitou N. and Nei M. (1987). The neighbor-joining method: A new method for reconstructing phylogenetic trees. Molecular Biology and Evolution 4:406-425.
4. Kumar S., Stecher G., Suleski M., Sanderford M., Sharma S., and Tamura K. (2024). Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis Version 12 for adaptive and green computing. Molecular Biology and Evolution 41:1-9.
Disclaimer: While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the caption, it is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Users are advised to thoroughly review the caption before its use for any purpose and report any errors or issues to the authors at www.megasoftware.net. The authors and their employers disclaim any liability for damages, including but not limited to special or consequential damages. Additionally, the authors expressly disclaim all other warranties, whether expressed or implied, including the suitability of the caption text for a specific purpose, use, or application.
